                                                                Juno And Sumo: The Cool Attack



There once was a superhero called Juno. His favourite thing to do was to save the world. There also was a villain that Juno wanted to defeat, his name was Ku-Sumo. So, Juno made up a plan! Juno dressed up as a different person and his new name was Little Lad, “Little lad” called Ku-Sumo, Ku-Sumo answered, “Hello?” said Ku-Sumo. “Hello!” said “Little lad”, “Hi there, aren't you the villain? I would like to hire you to destroy a building.” said “Little lad”, “Yeah sure! What building?” Spoke Ku-Sumo, “Uhm, can we meet up first?” said “Little lad”, “Yes, meet me at Superhouse” said Ku-Sumo. The phone hung up, “YES!” shrieked Juno, “Now all I need to do is get the police and a few sidekicks there first.” Said Juno. Juno called his sidekick, his name was Suno, as Suno answered the phone, “Oh hey there! Why are you calling me?” said Suno, “Hey! I got a plan to catch Ku-Sumo! Can you meet me at my place?” said Juno, “Yes I'll be there in 5 minutes!” said Suno. The phone hung up, as Juno was waiting, he also cleaned up his house a tiny bit, as soon as he got started the doorbell rang, as he answered the door it was Suno! “Yay your finally here! Let's get ready to go to this Superhouse building!” said Juno as he wanted to scream it. As Juno and Suno leave the house, they drive to the building, as they got there Juno said “The villain will be here soon! Let's get ready!” as they see the villain pulling up, they have had police on speed dial, as they called the police, they villain saw them but thought nothing about it, the police answered, “999 What's your emergency?” said the cops, “Hi there, its Juno you might know me, but I got a villain waiting at Superhouse right now” said Juno, “Ok sir, the cops will be there in about 2 minutes.” said the cops as the phone hung up. “Hey! I’m over here!” shouted Juno, “Huh, where are you?” said the villain, the police
arrived behind the building where Juno and Sumo where, “I’m behind the building” said Juno, the police had their handcuffs already in their hands ready for arresting this villain, “Ok I'm coming!” shouted the villain. “Get ready everyone!” whispered Juno, as the villain was approaching, all of them jumped out, Juno started off by punching Ku-Sumo in the stomach, Sumo jumped and kicked him in the head and he fell on the ground, allowing the police to arrest him, “Thank you so much Mr. Juno!” said the cops, “No problem! It's my job!” said Juno, Juno and Sumo left and went back to Juno’s house. “Hey Sumo, what video games do you like to play?” said Juno, “Uhm... I mostly like FPS Games” replied Sumo, “Lets play call of duty then!” replied Juno, “Ok!” said Sumo, then they started playing games for the rest of the night.



                                                                        The End


                                                                        Made by Thomas G
